#labels about
DooPHP is a PHP framework designed to give you a delightful development experience without slowing down you applications like most frameworks does.

DooPHP is easy to learn and use. You only need to know PHP and object-oriented programming. You are not forced to learn a new configuration or templating language.

It is a high performance MVC based PHP framework, yet it's really easy to use with no overwhelming workflows or syntax. The Doo framework might be the fastest open source PHP framework available currently, look at the Benchmark comparison. The framework is around 3-12 times faster than other frameworks, DooPHP is higly capable of delivering incomparably fast page loads.

DooPHP tries to be as lightweight as possible and has a small source code footprint. For example, the URI router is only 197 lines of code, yet it supports auto routing, RESTful requests, redirection, almost-identical-routes, extension names, etc. (it became 421 after documented)! During the framework development, I actually benchmarked various possible approaches when building a module and chooses the fastest for Doo.

Besides being fast, Doophp is also quite feature rich. DooPHP supports some common stuffs found in a web framework, such as MVC structured, RESTful APIS, REST client, URI routing, database ORM tools, model generator, HTTP Digest Authentication, a flexbible compiling template engine, logging & profiling tools, etc.

DooPHP is 100% E_STRICT compliant and it can run on virtually almost any environment. It has been tested on Apache 2.x/1.x servers, Cherokee, lighttpd, in CGI/FastCGI mode as well as using Mod_php(on apache). It works on both Windows & Linux OS.

DooPHP requires nothing other than the standard PHP library. It works well on Shared Hosting environment too.

Read more at http://doophp.com/